best mood with maxi glue
although he is in the meantime
media training in bonn as white balance
had to serve and also at the
other german national players
There was a relaxed mood after
the sovereign victory against luxembourg
since monday evening , this is preparing
dbb team in bonn on the important game
against the poland on wednesday evening
in telekom dome should be a big one
step in things em qualification
be made
but before the game is after the game
or something like that and the half-time of the em
Quali reason enough a small balance too
pull
well she is not consistently positive me
find the game against poland that have
we unnecessarily lost and against
Austria we have the first 30
minutes did not play well at the end
which I am very positive
was positive that we were
against Austria a very large
have accomplished militant performance
the last ten minutes even if it is
actually not at all before that
So we looked at ourselves
out of the hole, so to speak
rausgeholt in which we ourselves purely
have formed and found against Luxembourg
I have very much concentrated
played intensively and that actually
the almost the entire game over and
have not let up
I found that very positive and also
now you can see the poles in
have lost Austria and neither with
You have won 14 points then you can
that relativize sometimes and then
you may find that
Austria is not as bad as it is
is claimed by many as two
stay for days coach emir mutapcic
the team's recipe for victory against
to mediate the poles of the first
could gallop up the
press representatives on monday evening itself
to take a picture
sweat for the big performance
then everyone in the team wants to be the best
give and to the spectators in bonn
The game also delivers the good
roleplayer and hotmaker in the
Team are in demand tomorrow
the federal trainer yesterday the
press conference again
pointed out that you as one of
Players do not play games that much
important function and role in the
team has how do you go with it yourself
that you give a lot to the team
outside although relatively rare on the outside
field stands
yes I mean I knew in advance
that I'm probably quali at the em
not gonna play that much
was there from the beginning then have
played at the beginning more yes is now
already my third summer and
try a lot from the bank
to bring passion and emotions
and to motivate the boys and im
training to give everything and I think
that I am doing the role quite well
can fill in and thereby some boys
even better in training we do
are fully motivated and we know that
there is something good to do there
We always have to be awesome when in Bonn
atmosphere is we know that from the
except league and therefore it will be
It will be a great game and the fans
can be on a good fight
set focused and with that
Focus on Wednesday prepares the
dbb selection continues
the necessary ease the goal in
the boys have to attack
besides, the captain demands
we have to fight until we fall over
I think if we do that then
We will always be one
and then we will
hopefully also use the important
game against poland can come